<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<!-- @docfacto.link uri="${src-beermat}/ui/widgets/StrokeWidget.java key="stroke-widget" version="2.4.2" link-to="source" -->
<concept id="stroke-widget">
	<title>Stroke Widget</title>
	<shortdesc>
		Functions of the stroke widget.
	</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<!-- @docfacto.link uri="${src-beermat}/ui/widgets/StrokeWidget.java key="stroke-width" version="2.4.2" link-to="source" -->
		<section>
			<title>Stroke Width</title>
			<p>
				Changes the stroke characteristics of the line to be draw. SVG works on the principle of a pen that draws on the canvas,
				changing the thickness of the
				pen stroke will not only be used by the line tool, but also all of the shape tools, as its outline. For example if the
				circle tool is selected, the outline
				of the circle will use the pen stroke width which has been set.
			</p>
			<p>
				A dropdown list of widths are available. If 0 is chosen then shapes will not have an outline, but could still have
				a fill. If a line or an arrow is
				drawn with a width of 0, then nothing will be displayed.
			</p>
		</section>
		<!-- @docfacto.link uri="${src-beermat}/ui/widgets/StrokeWidget.java key="stroke-type" version="2.4.2" link-to="source" -->
		<section>
			<title>Stroke Type</title>
			<p>
				This allows for dotted or dashed outlines or lines to be drawn. A dropdown list of available line types can be
				selected.
			</p>
		</section>
		<!-- @docfacto.link key="colourPicker" uri="${src-eclipse-root}/core/src/com/docfacto/core/widgets/AbstractColorPicker.java" 
			link-to="source" -->
		<section>
			<title>Stroke Colour</title>
			<p>By selecting the stroke colour, a palette of colours is displayed to choose from. On the right hand slide of the
				colour selector are predefined
				standard colours. Choose a colour by simply clicking the mouse on the required colour.
			</p>
			<p>By pressing the X on the top right of the colour selector widget or clicking on the colour selector widget again
				will leave the
				previously selected colour unchanged.
			</p>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Marker Start/End </title>
			<!-- @docfacto.link uri="${src-beermat}/ui/widgets/Stroke-Widget.java key="markers" version="2.4.5" -->
			<p>Two ToolItems located after the stroke-colour picker, by default represented by a blank line; allow you to select
				various UML and Flowchart or general markers, for use with your lines and paths</p>

			<p>Every line or path created will have selected marker-head or marker-start that is currently selected in this
				widget set to it.
				Setting the ToolItems back to the default blank line, will result in line/paths being created without a marker-end or
				marker-start
			</p>

			<p>
				Markers can be changed on existing line by first selecting the line, then setting the marker selection with these
				ToolItems
				<note>Selecting a path/line with a marker, will display the marker(s) set to it in these ToolItems</note>
			</p>

			<p>There are two shortcuts, located to the left of the marker start/end items, used to quickly set the markers to a
				default blank line, or to a standard filled arrow.</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>