<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="links_paths_config">
	<title>Link Paths</title>
	<shortdesc>
		How to set up link paths.
	</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<p>The links section of the Docfacto.xml contains a 'basedir' meaning the 'Base Directory' and a list of paths.</p>
			
			<p>The Base Directory is the directory which all other paths will be relative to, and the base directory is relative to the location
			of the Docfacto.xml file.</p>
			
			<note>It is recommended that you place the Docfacto.xml file into the root of your project, and set the base dir to '.' so the base dir 
			is the root of your project.</note>  
			
			<p>
				The paths enable you to make your paths relative so the links can be processed on more than one machine, as opposed to using absolute paths 
				which will only work on one machine. They can also make the paths in the links shorter and easier to read.
			</p>
			<p>Once a path has been declared it my be used in other path defintions.  To use a path definition, the name of the path is preceeded by 
			 	<codeph>${</codeph> and postfix by <codeph>}</codeph>. Paths are resolved at runtime, and an error will be issued if the paths to not point to a physical location.
			 </p>
		</section>
		<example>
			<title>Links Paths Example</title>
			<codeblock>
				&lt;links>
					%lt;basedir>.&lt;/basedir>
					
					&lt;!-- Define the top level doc and code paths -->
					&lt;path name="doc-root" description=Doc Root">./doc&lt;/path>
					&lt;path name="source-root" description="Source root">./src/java.&lt;/path>
					
					&lt;!-- Define more specific paths -->
					&lt;path name="package-a" description="Package A">${source-root}/com/docfacto/packageA.&lt;/path>
					&lt;path name="package-b" description="Package B">${source-root}/com/docfacto/packageB.&lt;/path>
				&lt;/links>		
			</codeblock>
		</example>
		<example>
			<title>A link which uses a defined path</title>
			<!-- @docfacto.link key="links-resolved-path" uri="${source-root}/com/docfacto/links/LinksPathsResolver.java" version="1.0" link-to="source" -->
			<codeblock>
				&lt;!-- @docfacto.link uri="${doc-root}/someDocFile.dita" key="attributes" link-to="doc" version="2.3" --&gt;		
			</codeblock>
		</example>
		
	</conbody>
</concept>