<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="whySVG">
	<title>What is SVG?</title>
	<shortdesc>
		SVG is a flexible, scaleable and up-and-coming XML based
		vector graphics.
	</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<title>Advantages to using SVG</title>
			<ul>
				<li>
					SVG provides the infinite scalability that raster graphics cannot (<codeph>jpeg</codeph>,
					<codeph>png</codeph>).
				</li>
				<li>SVG's files are XML based. Every visual element is represented
					by textual XML, meaning elements can easily be changed,
					and changes are never permanent(as with Raster Images). Elements and
					text can be altered without limit, this wouldn't be possible with a
					raster image, without having to erase and recreate parts of the image, a long-winded
					affair, but not with SVG!</li>
				<li>Since Text elements within an SVG are actual text in the XML;
					when the time comes to internationalise and translate the
					documentation, the task is a walk in the park, the images do not
					need to be redone in other languages!  SVG understands the locale that the image is being presented on, this means that the correct translation
					will be displayed without the need for multiple files.
				</li>
				<li>Images (for example screen shots) can be embedded within the SVG to allow for screen shot annotations</li>
				<li>The content and the style can be separated.</li>
				<li>Can be easily transformed as its XML</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
