<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<dita>
<glossgroup id="glossary">
  <title>Glossary</title>
  <glossentry id="ant">
    <glossterm>Ant</glossterm>
    <glossdef>
    	Apache Ant is a Java library and command-line tool whose mission is to drive processes described in build files as 
    	targets and extension points dependent upon each other
    </glossdef>
    <related-links>
      <link format="html" href="http://ant.apache.org/" scope="external">
        <linktext>Apache Ant's official website</linktext>
      </link>
    </related-links>
    </glossentry>
  <glossentry id="doclet">
  	<glossterm>Doclet</glossterm>
  	<glossdef>
  		Java programs implementing the doclet API to specify content and format for the Javadoc process. 
  	</glossdef>
  	<related-links>
  		<link href="#javadoc">
  			<linktext>See Javadoc</linktext>
  		</link>
  	</related-links>
  </glossentry>
  <glossentry id="javadoc">
  	<glossterm>Javadoc</glossterm>
  	<glossdef>
  		A Java tool for generating API documentation in HTML format using doc comments in the source code.
  	</glossdef>
  </glossentry>
  <glossentry id="taglet">
	  <glossterm>Taglet</glossterm>
	  <glossdef>
	 		A program implementing the Taglet API. A taglet can modify and format the text argument of a custom tag.
	  </glossdef>
  </glossentry>
  <glossentry id="maven">
	  <glossterm>Maven</glossterm>
	  <glossdef>
	 		Apache Maven is a software project management and comprehension tool. Based on the concept of a project object model (POM), Maven can manage a project's build, reporting and documentation from a central piece of information.
	  </glossdef>
  </glossentry>
  <glossentry id="XML">
    <glossterm>XML</glossterm>
    <glossdef>
    	e<b>X</b>tensible <b>M</b>arkup <b>L</b>anguage. A markup language to define a set of rules that is both machine
    	and human readable.
    </glossdef>
  </glossentry>
  <glossentry id="XSD">
    <glossterm>XSD</glossterm>
    <glossdef>
    	<b>X</b>ML <b>S</b>chema <b>D</b>ocument. A schema language to express a set of rulesto which an XML must conform too
    	to be considered valid.
    </glossdef>
    <related-links>
    	<link href="#XML"/>
    </related-links>
  </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
</dita>