<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="linksservlet">
	<title>
		Running
		<keyword keyref="links" />
		from Docfacto Links Servlet
	</title>
	<shortdesc>
		How to use Docfacto Links Servlet to run
		<codeph>
			<keyword keyref="links" />
		</codeph>
		.
	</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<title>Adding a Project</title>
			<p>
				After deploying <keyword keyref="links.servlet.war" /> you can view the links servlet opening screen at for example: 
				
				<codeblock>localhost:8080/docfacto-links-servlet</codeblock>
			</p>

			<p>
				To add a project, you must be logged in (by clicking the 'Log in' button on the top right of the page) then add project 
				by clicking the 'Add a Project' button in the 'Projects' side bar on the left of the page.
			
				<note>
					Your log in details are set into the config.xml file. See the 'Installing the Docfacto Links Servlet' section for more details.
				</note>
			</p>
			
			<p>	
				The 'Add Project' pop up will appear and ask for the following information:
			
				<ul>
					<li>The project name you would like to associate with this project.</li>
					<li>The directory of the source files if you have any.</li>
					<li>The directory of the documentation files if you have any.</li>
					<li>The path to the Docfacto XML Config which also has the correct source-root and doc-root configured for this project.</li>
					<li>The type of the source files you want to analyze.</li>
					<li>The possible extensions to the source files you want to analyze.</li>
					<li>The type of the documentation files you want to analyze.</li>
					<li>The possible extensions to the document files you want to analyze.</li>
					<li>The base directory for your project (This is optional and overrides the one set in the Docfacto XML config)</li>
				</ul>
			
				An example project configuration would be: 
				
				<sl>
					<sli>Project Name: My project</sli>
					<sli>Source Directory: your-home/workspace/project/src</sli>
					<sli>Doc Directory: your-home/workspace/project/doc</sli>
					<sli>XML Config Directory: your-home/workspace/project/Docfacto.xml</sli>
					<sli>Source Type: java</sli>
					<sli>Source File Extensions: .java</sli>
					<sli>Doc Type: xml</sli>
					<sli>Doc File Extensions: .dita, .txt, .xml</sli>
					<sli>Base Directory: your-home/workspace/project</sli>
				</sl>
				
				<note>
					Remember to make the links paths in the Docfacto.xml file are set correctly in relation to 
					the working directory and your links tags in your source/doc files to ensure the results will display 
					correctly.
				</note>
			</p>
			
			<p>
				You can change the project or delete it in the 'Project Details' tab by clicking the 'Edit Project' button.
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Viewing and Analysing Output from Links</title>
			<p>
				Once you have added a project, Links is automatically run on it. 
			</p>
			
			<p>
				You can see a summary of the statistics by clicking the 'Summary' tab, and view all the rule violations by clicking on the 'Errors' tab. 
			</p>
			
			<p>In the Errors tab you can select which packages you want to analyse by selecting the packages you wish to see results for in the 'Packages' section 
				and then clicking the 'Update' button.
			</p>
			
			<p>
				To see the location of a particular violation in the 'Errors' Tab, click on one of the rules which have been violated in the 
				'Results' section's 'Rule' table, then click on a package in the subsequent Package table, then select one of the files in the 'File' table.
			</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
