<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="source_uri_html">
	<title>Source links for documentation files</title>
	<shortdesc>
		How to create a source link for documentation.
	</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<p>To create a source link in either HTML or XML, then a XML / HTML comment is used.  The comment should have the docfacto.link attributes present.</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Source Link Attributes</title>
			<p>
          			<simpletable relcolwidth="90* 180* 50*">
            			<sthead>
              				<stentry>Attribute</stentry>
              				<stentry>Description</stentry>
              				<stentry>Required</stentry>
            			</sthead>
            			<strow>
              				<stentry><codeph>uri</codeph></stentry>
              				<stentry>Location of source file.  Currently is assumes a file location, but will soon be extended to structured content repositories</stentry>
              				<stentry>yes</stentry>
            			</strow>
						<strow>
							<stentry><codeph>key</codeph></stentry>
							<stentry>The key is what makes the link unqiue.  It is possible that source will have many doc links to the same documentation and visa versa.</stentry>
							<stentry>yes</stentry>
						</strow>
						<strow>
							<stentry><codeph>version</codeph></stentry>
							<stentry>A String representation of a version.  If version checking is enabled, then the doc link and the corresponding source link will be checked to see if the versions match.</stentry>
							<stentry>no</stentry>
						</strow>
						<strow>
							<stentry><codeph>type</codeph></stentry>
							<stentry>The type of source document. The links process will try and ascertain the type of document, but if the file extension is ambiguous, then it might need some help.</stentry>
							<stentry>no</stentry>
						</strow>
						<strow>
							<stentry><codeph>metadata</codeph></stentry>
							<stentry>User supplied metadata.  May be used in the future for filtering</stentry>
							<stentry>no</stentry>
						</strow>
				</simpletable>
			</p>
		</section>
		<example>
			<title>Example XML / HTML source link</title>
			<codeblock>
&lt;!-- @docfacto.link uri="${adam-root}AdamOutputProcessor.java" version="1.1" key="AdamOutput" --&gt;
			</codeblock>
		</example>
	</conbody>
</concept>