<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="svgEditor">
	<title>Usage guide</title>
	<shortdesc>
		With Beermat up and running, usage is fairly simple, this section outlines usage of the main editor, the graphical editor.
	</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<title>Graphical Editor (SVG Editor)</title>
			<p>This is the main editor, showing a large centred canvas, surrounded by toolbars.</p>
			<p>
				The top toolbar are element
				properties, changing these will change how elements are drawn on the canvas. To see full
				functionality of this toolbar refer to
				<xref href="../controlbar/c_control_bar.dita" />
			</p>
			<p>
				The left vertical toolbar are the different tools available, see
				<xref href="../palettebar/c_palette_bar.dita" />
			</p>
			<p>
				The toolbar located on the bottom relate to the canvas, this includes zooming, and showing a grid, as well as mouse
				position. See
				<xref href="../canvasbar/c_canvas_bar.dita" />
			</p>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Clicking the Canvas</title>
			<p>
				Left click is used for drawing, selecting and moving elements, see
				<xref href="../selecting/c_selecting.dita" />
				for a full explanation of how selection works in beermat can be
			</p>
			<p>
			<!-- @docfacto.link key="rightClickPopup" uri="${src-beermat}/listeners/CursorToolInputListener.java" link-to="doc" -->
				Right clicking will bring up the popup menu, more options become enabled when right clicking with elements
				selected, see 
				<xref href="../rightclick/c_rightclick_menu.dita" />
				for a detailed right click description.
			</p>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Panning the Canvas</title>
			<p>
				Depending on the size of the SVG document, or if the document is currently zoomed, scroll bars will appear to
				allow the user
				to pan the SVG. The scroll wheel on the mouse can also be used to pan the SVG image.
				The SVG can also
				be panned by using the mouse with the scroll bars.
			</p>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Shortcuts and tricks</title>
			<p>Once a shape has been created on the canvas, to create another
				of the same size, just click on the canvas where you
				want it located and an identical shape will appear.</p>
			<p>With an element selected, using the arrow keys will nudge the element by 1 pixel in that direction, this is useful
				for fine-aligning an element</p>
			<p>With an element selected, either backspace or delete will work to delete an element off the canvas.</p>
		</section>

	</conbody>
</concept>